# Experimental Results
This folder contains the data from numerical experiments primarily carried out on Google Cloud Computing.
The files are saved in such a way that the experiment is clear from the file.

## 1. Simple
This folder contains the largest positive non-trivial eigenvalue of graphs generated by the 
```random_graphs.random_simple_graph``` function, calculated to machine precision (16 digits).

The file format here is:
```simple_deg{d}_V{Num_Vertices}_N{Number}```
where d is the degree, Num_Vertices is the size of the graph, and Number is the number generated.

**Example:** simple_deg4_V20000_N5000000 means that 1 million simple graphs, each of size 20,000 
were generated, and the largest non-trivial positive eigenvalue was calculated for each of these.
This is a file with 5,000,000 doubles.

## 2. Abelian Cover
This folder contains the largest positive new eigenvalue of graphs generated by the 
```random_graphs.random_cover``` function calculated to machine precision (16 digits), 
where the permutaton function is set to be the regular representation of an abelian group.

The file format here is:
```abelian_cover_V{Num_Vertices}x{deg_cover}_N{Number1}x{Number2}_bdeg{d}```
where d is the base graph degree, Num_Vertices is the number of vertices in the base_graph,
deg_cover is the degree of the cover, and Number1 is the number of simple base graphs to generate, and 
Number2 is the number of random covers per base graph. In particular, we are generating 
Number1 x Number2 square matrices each of size Num_Vertices x deg_cover.

**Example:** abelian_cover_V5000x5_N100000x10_bdeg4 means that first, 100,000 simple graphs of degree
4, each with 5000 vertices were generated, and then for each of these, 10 covers of degree 5 were generated
according to the regular representation of Z5. In total, the largest eigenvalue was found for 1 million graphs 
of size 25,000.

## 3. Quaternion_rep
This folder contains the largest positive non-trivial eigenvalue of graphs generated by the 
```random_graphs.random_cover_matrix_rep``` function, where the matrix_rep used is the real irreducible
quaternion representation, calculated to machine precision (16 digits). In particular, a matrix of size
Num_Vertices is generated, and then this is expanded to a matrix that is 4x bigger by inserting random
choices of the quaternion representation.

The file format here is:
```quaternion_deg{d}_V{Num_Vertices}x4_N{Number}```
where d is the degree, Num_Vertices is the size of the base graph, and Number is the number generated.
The x4 indicates that the size of the matrix is actually 4 times the size of the base graph used here.

## 4. Matlab
This folder contains the largest positive non-trivial eigenvalue of graphs generated by 
similar matlab code, calculated to 8 digits of precision. "loop_cover" means that no restriction
on loops or multiple edges was made. "simple" means that graphs were thrown out and regenerated until
there were no self-loops or multiple edges.

The file format here is:
```simple_deg{d}_V{Num_Vertices}_N{Number}```
or 
```loop_cover{d}_V{Num_Vertices}_N{Number}```
where d is the degree, Num_Vertices is the size of the graph, and Number is the number generated.